docs: Update README about ownership (#274)
multiformats/js-multiformats: README.md

- <https://multiformats.github.io/js-multiformats>

## Ownership and Maintenance
Maintainers are in [CODEOWNERS](./CODEOWNERS).

> At least as of 202310, issues and PRs are triaged and handled as part of multi-party [js-libp2p triage](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following [the decision](https://github.com/multiformats/js-multiformats/issues/273) to expand ownership to js-libp2p and helia maintainers, issues and PRs are now triaged and handled as part of the multi-party [js-libp2p Open Maintainers Call](https://lu.ma/js-libp2p)
```

> The most recent ownership conversation happened in [#273](https://github.com/multiformats/js-multiformats/issues/273).

Reviewer: See comment above

```suggestion
```
